Now let's have a look at model.h which is the header file for
the model class which is provided by the IO 2D OpenStreetMap.
Example, this class stores all of the OpenStreetMap data that is read into
the program and it provides structs
for all of the objects which you might find in the OpenStreetMap data.
In particular, we see a struct for node, for way,
for road, railway, and other objects that come from OpenStreetMap.
Below that there are getter functions nodes, ways, roads,
buildings and these return the vector of nodes,
vector of ways, and vector of roads that are stored in the model.
Then at the bottom of this class there are some private methods.
AdjustCoordinates,
adjusts the OpenStreetMap node coordinates as they read into the model.
BuildRings is used for building objects in the OpenStreetMap model and LoadData does all
of the heavy work of parsing the XML data and
storing all of that data in each one of these vectors.
So here we see the private vectors for nodes,
ways, roads and so on,
and some other private variables that are useful when reading the data into the model.
The last variable metric scale is used to convert
the scale of the model to real-life meters and we will use that later on when we
want to compute the actual meters that we
traverse in the path from the beginning point to the end point of our path.